for all the curse and tl fans that have
been like with us for the last five
years I mean it's been tough but holy
like we're champions now so you can
finally like really get behind us so
thank you well fans are leaving the
venue right now but I am here at the
Fillmore in Miami with coverage
presented by Omni slash talking to Steve
the operator of all things team like
with League of Legends Steve you know I
asked you this in the press conference
but again like I've known you for seven
years now you've put so much in delete
into League legends and competitive side
this is your first big major win on this
stage here today with this team
what has this sort of path to this
moment been like for you you know it it
started about like six years ago
where I started my own team and ever
since then it feels like there's always
been these obstacles that have presented
themselves whether it's like the lmq
match where we were - oh and we were
just about to go to Worlds or we're
always on that cusp and kind of never
made it to the finals and you know it
just a lot of people I think would have
given up but my life for the last six
years has really been dedicated to
eSports and predominant part of that has
been around league of legends and the
LCS and some of my like greatest
memories and worst memories are
experiences around this game and the
players and the fans and the community
and so through all of that it's like you
keep trying to win you keep trying to
like get to that championship and things
just knock you down but I think what was
so inspiring to me is that through all
of what has happened to any of the
players as well as myself for us to just
kind of get back up and just say you
know let's do this let's show everybody
that we're the best team in North
America and let's work towards being one
of the best teams in the world is
incredible I I hope that we can make
North American prat in North America
proud by hopefully winning MSI or
putting in a really really good show and
then building on that
to go to worlds because during the
off-season I built this team to win a
World Championship and I was a little
tentative and apprehensive to say that
but after seeing these guys today and
like how much strength they've exhibited
I am like pretty confident that they
have the ability of winning a World
Championship now they just have to put
in extra work if you don't mind me
asking how much pressure did you
personally feel this split because I
feel like every year you've done more
you've done more you've done more this
split particularly like the paid by
Steve meme came about it was obvious
that there's a heavy investment on the
team liquid side to finally break
through and get that win especially it's
the team sort of floundered in the
middle of the split I mean how much
pressure we were you personally feeling
to it to have this team win you know I
think an immense amount of pressure
actually I I've had some pretty
stressful moments in my career with
relation to eSports and I think that
period in the middle of the split where
we were faltering a little bit I think
we were in like six or seven to place I
I don't think I've ever been so stressed
out in my entire life I it's one of
those things where like you are you it's
almost like you know playing poker and
you put you go all-in and you're just
kind of waiting to see like what's
called and you have but it's it's not
like what's different now is that you
know I share ownership with others that
are in Team Liquid and they're those
stakeholders are kind of looking to
ensure that their investment is paying
off and when it's not it's so stressful
you know and you know it's all the
community and you know like Jack put out
a few memes you know and it's just you
know it's kind of funny or whatever but
at the end of the day this is like
stakeholders that their resources put on
the line and like everyone's looking at
me to make sure that I'm doing
everything I can to win and you can only
impact so much and then people are
always offering their opinions and
advice on like what you should be doing
and you just have to at some point you
just have to have confidence in yourself
to just say like off you know like
let me do what I'm good at like cut
through all the noise and just see
what's important
that's that moment where that happened
and I rode that and so yeah I felt great
it was it was definitely a stressful
time though I mean because for the
players they're competing against each
other on the rift for you as somebody
who's running this team you're competing
against the other teams like in the
offseason and with investments and how
much do you put in and and what is the
the return that your investors can
expect I I have to imagine it's like
really crazy you know seeing Jack like
with the meme of just money getting
shoveled into a furnace and all stuff
like I bet you that does get to you a
little bit yeah yeah I mean absolutely
I'm a you know it's uh it's tough to see
that stuff but at the end of the day you
can't really respond to it you know you
just kind of have to say like the only
real response is to win and I all I can
say is like beating cloud nine and you
know and combined with our academy team
and our LCS team we went 400 against
them in that kind of week period and you
know it's just like that says enough you
know and then to just ensure you're
giving it everything that you have and
you know but really it's it's about the
guys like they they're the real
champions they're the ones that have
sacrificed so much and put in all the
hard work and I'm just like honored and
thankful to to be a recipient of what
they're doing I saw Peter Guber on stage
was how many of your investors and
everybody who had really decided to go
in on this team how many of them are
here today so you know we have an
incredible group of investors I think
one of the best investment groups of any
other eSports organization Peter Guber
is one of the first investors that came
into Team Liquid alongside Ted and you
know it's just an it's just great to see
that level of dedication and support
like Peter's a busy guy you know he's a
part owner of the Golden State Warriors
and the Dodgers he's got a lot going on
you know and for him to show up and come
to the games and then come up on it's
just it's it's it's nice it's like holy
like you care you know and that's
awesome so it feels good
so now off to MSI
how a lot of fans here are gonna say uh
you know it's North America we'll just
maybe we'll tune in for like the plaint
the group states something like that and
then we won't have to worry about what
what do you think are the real chances
for North America here you know I think
I think we've shown through playoffs
that we are a dominant team in our
region we 301 hundred thieves we two
owed cloud9 you know we've we've shown
that we are a very strong team and now
I'm curious as to what that means on the
international stage and so I have a lot
of confidence but I'm also you know
aware that some of these other regions
and whatever happens to the meta and
what kind of event that might be so you
know I'm really hopeful I think it's a
next step it's not a required step
there's like you know a lot of people
say oh the team that goes to MS I like
falters afterwards you know and so I
think we just have to focus on you know
training for MSI but really the goal has
got to be worlds you know and MSI means
a lot but it doesn't mean as much as
like winning a world championship any
chance that you feel you know this is
the first split that North America has
been franchise you beat out 100 threes
brand-new team that came in is it is it
at all the chance or the situation where
MSI counts a little bit extra more for
North America this year after we've sort
of revamped everything and really gonna
know this is all new yeah I mean I think
one of the things from franchising has
created a different outcome right like
here you have a hundred thieves which is
such a awesome organization I
mean Matt or nadeshot has put an
incredible amount of his brand equity
into League of Legends the hundred
thieves organization and their
management is just incredible and for an
or new organization to beat out the
likes of like cloud nine and TSM is
incredible and that's what this needs
like we need we need new brands to be
having banners in the North American
studio so that they there's there's more
teams to rally behind you know and I
think franchising is allowed that to
happen
and
I'm excited to see kind of where that
goes anything to the fans yeah I mean I
I in the six years that I've been doing
this I have not seen such an incredible
outpouring of support from the community
as you know we've had our trials and and
tragedies associated with the team and
like we literally log into our Facebook
and there are some people that have
obviously spent like hours writing
messages to us and we actually read some
of them to the team and it's just it's
incredible like a lot of people think oh
you send a message to the team liquid
and they like don't see it but we're
like we were reading this stuff and it's
it's endearing it's like extremely
touching it's real it's like people
really care and like I almost feel like
the the inspirations of this team have
actually affected some of the fans in
like incredible ways so thank you you
know for supporting the team and for all
the curse and TL fans that have been
like with us for the last five years I
mean it's been tough but holy like
we're champions now so you can finally
like really get behind us so thank you
congratulations Steve so much I know
this means a lot to you and so thank you
for the interview congratulations on the
win everyone else you can check out the
rest of my coverage of all things
eSports right here on my youtube channel
listen Rosen I forgot to fill me on
shows this weekend we really do it at
the venue and now we're doing it on the
way to the airport so thank you so much
to Omni slash for sponsoring our
coverage and flight and the Subaru and
everything else on the way out here they
really made it possible thanks so much
for watching and subscribe here for more
videos